what's up world it's Tuesday August
second and I am finally gonna get this
TV out of my room year as you guys can
see I have a Betty Betty nice samsung TV
and outside of another samsung monitor
so i am getting rid of this guy 20-inch
TV song to my friend $20 hook people up
20 inch tvs for twenty dollars but uh
yeah today is actually my sister's
birthday so i'm going to take the money
that i get from the TV and try to buy
her a gift ah smash my TV with the hand
I smashed my TV with the hand I smashed
my hand with the TV and it's turning
purple well hello I'm at a target
looking for some gifts for my sister
check it out chili chocolate that's cool
I want to try that this is what I'm
getting here so far roasted almond dark
chocolate
raspberry chocolate and dark court more
chocolaty and I'm also going to get here
some scratcher tickets because it's a
18th birthday so it makes sense right
see their scratch our tickets are porno
I think scratcher ticket sir just a
little more appropriate oh haha oh I
think he's still gonna go on
she saw that she went to some mega what
the court fee they come out of the four
door now I mean quite Smith yeah how
about a viewing I'll make over come true
oh man so hot in my room right now I
might just stay perching in the next to
the window for a while try to stay cool
I don't know I'll see you she was though
but anyways my sister she just turned 18
if I didn't if I didn't notify you she's
turning 18 and um she's gonna get a car
cuz she needs a car to go to school and
yeah I was just wondering what was your
first car cuz she's gonna get a really
nice first car she doesn't really know
what she wants it may be a scion or a
Honda or something but my first car was
a 2000 volkswagen jetta actually it's
actually your newer than the car that I
have right now right now I have a 99
civic but it has lower miles on it than
the Volkswagen hang so it's cool but
yeah let me know in the comments below
what your very first car was or if you
don't have a car let me know what you
want your first car to be peace up
you